Fix auditing example to permit log rotation (#30712)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/debug-application-cluster/audit.md

> to the location of the policy file and log file, so that audit records are persisted. For example:

Reviewer: Maybe also this?
```suggestion
for the policy file for the directory that contains the log file, so that audit records are persisted.
For the log output you mount a directory, and not just a log file, to allow for log rotation.

For example:
```
